## The data

WOW runs multiple servers that player can choose when they create a character.  I decided to start with data from the Wyrmrest Accord server, since that's where the bulk of my characters are located.  Some servers are connected, meaning that multiple servers functionally act as one.  Connected realms share a single auction house.  Wyrmrest Accord is not a connected server.

Wyrmrest Accord is a RP server, which has roughly a 50/50 split between Alliance and Horde players (some are more heavily weighted for one faction or the other).  It is classified as having a "Medium" population.

Utilizing the Blizzard API, one can download the auction data for individual servers.  This data is updated, according to documentation, every hour.

The information included in the data is as follows:

* auc : Integer - this is the unique id for a particular auction.  This is generated by the game.
* item : Integer - this is the item id for the item being listed.  Each type of item has a unique id that the game and other applications, use to identify the item.
* owner : String - this is the name of the character that put up the auction
* ownerRealm : String - this is the realm (server) name of the player who put up the account.  Every record will have the same value within a server, unless it is part of a connected realm.
* bid : Integer - the amount required to bid on an auction
* buyout : Integer - the amount required to purchase the auction right away
* quantity : Integer - the number of items in the current auction.  Some items (like profession material) can be stacked up to 200.  If it does not stack, this value will be 1
timeLeft : String this represents how long is left in the auction.  Values will be "Very Long", "Long", "Medium" or "Short"
* rand : Integer - some times have random elements to them (such as stats) otherwise this value is 0
* seed : Integer - see above
* context : Integer - see above

some records contain additional fields (missing if not required):
* modifiers : List - contains modifiers for various items
Relevent to battle pets (item id: 82800)
* petBreedID : Integer - identifies the breed of the pet, ex: male with speed, female with health
* petLevel : Integer - identifies the level of the pet (between 1 and 25)
* petQualityID : Integer - identifies the quality of the pet
* petSpeciesId : Integer - identifies what species a pet is, ex: Magic or Critter

So far all data sets downloaded contain at least 100000 records.  Many of the records in the individual downloads are repeated, since an auction can be posted for up to 48 hours.

## Battle pets
---

Battle pets represent a unique item that can be auctioned.  Battle pets are shared across an account, so any character regardless of faction or server has access to the same pets.  Thus it is possible to buy a pet on one server and sell it on another, allowing for a transfer of funds from one server to another.
